docs(framework) Restructure Flower framework docs (#5162)
adap/flower: framework/docs/source/build.rst

> :og:description: Learn how to build a Flower app with step-by-step guides on installation, configuration, strategy implementation, model checkpoints, and more.
> .. meta::
>     :description: Learn how to build a Flower app with step-by-step guides on installation, configuration, strategy implementation, model checkpoints, and more.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:og:description: Learn how to build Flower apps with step-by-step guides on installation, configuration, strategy implementation, model checkpoints, and more.
.. meta::
    :description: Learn how to build Flower apps with step-by-step guides on installation, configuration, strategy implementation, model checkpoints, and more.
```

> Build a Flower app
> ==================

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Build Flower apps
=================
```
